c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\CameraMangoSample.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\CameraMangoSample.pdb
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\CameraMangoSample.xap
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP7.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\en\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\Views\ImagesView.g.i.cs
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\Views\ImageView.g.i.cs
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\Views\TestGeniusScan.g.i.cs
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\CameraMangoSample.g.resources
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\CameraMangoSample.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\CameraMangoSample.pdb
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ImageTools.Controls.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ImageTools.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ImageTools.IO.Gif.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ImageTools.IO.Png.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\ImageTools.Utils.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\PhoneCodeContractsAssemblies.dll
c:\users\systalent\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapExWinPhone.dll
C:\Users\SYSTALENT\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\SYSTALENT\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CameraMangoSample\CameraMangoSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
